Hey, good morning family, thank you for joining us again today.
Well, it's Diana and I again and we're excited to be here.
We're going to pray for you all and we're going to agree for some things—whatever you need today.
We're going to touch and agree for everything you may need and we're going to believe that God will meet you at the point of your need today.
We believe that your circumstance is going to change within 24 hours.
There's going to be a difference in your life; we're believing that today.
We're going to start believing first the blade, then the ear, then the full manifestation of everything you've been believing for, that it's going to happen suddenly.
So we're just going to get right to praying and we're going to believe with you for your circumstances.
Let's get excited.
We see a turning in things: praying over the Ukraine war, praying over the stuff.
Looks like there's going to be maybe some peace talks.
I know I've warned some about peace and safety; I told you rice-paper thin.
The war and all the things that are going on with the Middle East—Houthis are getting struck.
I told you strategic things are happening; there are very strategic things.
And I've warned you all about this, about Iran, and there's more to come.
We must pray against anti-Semitism; we must pray against this, that this will not manifest.
Praying for the Red Dawn for America as we strike Iran, we strike these things from the enemy within.
Praying for a hedge of protection over America, that the FBI, Homeland Security, and CIA—that these people will find the hidden cells of terror organizations.
The men that I've seen coming across the border, that they'll be exposed and brought to justice, and they will not cause mass casualties of any kind.
They will be brought to justice and they will turn on themselves in their camp, just like they did with Joshua—blew the horns and the Midianites all defeated themselves by the sword.
They will defeat themselves by the sword because great confusion is coming in the camp of the enemy in the name of Jesus.
And what the devil meant for bad, God's going to expose it in the name of Jesus.
As we go after these things that I've seen, it will not be like ants coming up out of a den.
When you poke the beehive, the wasps try to swarm and try to sting you, or the bees.
I've seen that as you poke this, the enemy is within, and we must expose this so that the very pit they dug to try to snare us, they fall in it themselves.
You believe that with me today?
And that the wealth of the sinner is laid up for the righteous, and that the crypto lawsuits against XRP will stop, and that there'll be a wealth transfer and a stability to this like we've never seen before.
Not this roller coaster; stability going up.
No more of this plummeting, manipulating the markets.
So Father, we lift up all that I have before You, all these needs, all these prayer requests, and we lift them up before You.
We thank You, Lord, that You know everything we need before we even needed it.
And God, You're the God that meets us at the point of our need.
You are our great provider; You're Jehovah Jireh.
You will provide all our needs according to Your riches in glory by Christ Jesus.
We believe, Father, that You said that we're the head and not the tail, above and not beneath; we'll go through and not go under.
We believe, Father, that You are the All-Sufficient One.
You have everything; You've got it all, and You supply it all.
He takes care of all our needs, He supplies all our needs because He knows.
Consider the lilies of the field, how they grow: they neither toil nor spin, and yet I tell you, even Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these.
But if God so clothes the grass of the field, which today is alive and tomorrow is thrown into the oven, will He not much more clothe you, O you of little faith?
Yes, that's the scripture I was trying to think of right there.
Thank you, babe.
So He takes care of the lilies, He takes care of the grass, and how much more are we?
So Father, we just thank You, Lord, we give You honor and glory and praise for all that You've provided.
Thank You, Lord, for our families.
We call in our unsaved loved ones right now in the name of Jesus.
There's so many of them that are wayward, so many people that are bound, but Father, You came to set the captives free, and we believe that their circumstance is going to turn around right now.
We call the blinders off of their eyes in the name of Jesus.
And all the kids, all the grandkids, all of them that are wayward—we call you in, in the name of Jesus.
From the north, the south, the east, the west, we call laborers across your path.
Father, that there'll be people that would minister to them.
Even when they're getting something at the drive-thru, they may not even know it, but they'll say, 'That tugged at my heart, that sounded like Grandma, that sounded like my mom, that sounded like my dad.
I need to go home.
' Something's going to trigger, but it's the Holy Spirit.
We ask You, Holy Spirit, that You would meet them right where they are right now in the midnight hour.
I ask for a Damascus Road experience, for a supernatural experience with You, angelic visitations and manifestations.
Just like when Paul and Silas were in that jail cell and it looked like they were going to die tomorrow, but suddenly, when the church started to pray—when we're starting to pray on this channel, when we're lifting up our loved ones—they will have that shaking experience, for there'll be a shaking to awaken even in the midnight hour.
And they're in that jail cell, in that place of the pit, is what we'll call it.
They're going to have a great shaking to awaken, and the jail cell doors of their heart and of their mind—it may not be a physical jail cell, or it could be—but in the jail cell of their bondage thinking, in the jail cell of their need when they say there's no hope, they're in their jail cell of their satanic oppression.
In the midnight hour, Lord, we're believing for the jail cells to open by faith.
We believe we receive in the midnight hour when we give our praise to You in the darkness of the dark.
We believe, Father, that You're the God of more than enough.
You're the God that will bring us out of our pit of despair, and You will bring us on the path of righteousness and set us in the right direction, and it will come suddenly in the name of Jesus.
We will not be down in our hole anymore, and our families will come out of that in the name of Jesus.
And it's time for the blinded eyes to be opened.
We speak for the blinders to come off their eyes, for Satan has blinded the eyes of the unbeliever, and we say, 'Satan, take your hand off of our unsaved loved ones.
' They will know the saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ, and you will not bind them in that pit of despair anymore.
Now I thank You, Father, just like Paul and Silas gave You praise in the midnight hour and the walls began to shake.
The walls began to shake and the angel of the Lord was sent and broke off those chains of iron.
We thank You, Father, that it's the same God that did it back then over 2,000 years ago is the same God that will do it again today.
We believe that You're no respecter of persons, and the same prayer that sent the angels will send the angels.
Angel of the Lord, we call for the special angels.
We send that angel, the same angel that got the chains off of Paul and Silas.
We send that same angel to go right now in the name of Jesus and get our unsaved loved ones.
Send them out right now.
We send that same angel; he's a special angel, he knows what he's doing, he's already specialized in it.
He knows how to get the chains off.
So we send that same angel right now into the pit of their despair to get them and set the captives free.
Thank You, Lord, that You're the same angel that got Paul and Silas out because he already knows what he's doing.
So we send those angels out right now in the name of Jesus to release and to set our unsaved loved ones' minds to put them on the right path, having a visitation and a manifestation of the glory even whenever they're sleeping at night.
Thank You, Lord, that tonight is the night of their turnaround.
We believe that.
We send angels out right now in the name of Jesus to unlock the gate.
Thank You, Lord, to unlock the gate of their heart.
Holy Spirit, working on the heart right now in the name of Jesus.
We believe we receive it right now.
Thank You, Father, that You're going to bring it to pass.
Thank You, Lord, for the healings and the manifestations.
Just like it was with the woman with the issue of blood, Father, that in that 24-hour turnaround, she did it with a touch of His garment and boom, everything dried up.
Everything that she had spent 12 years on, but rather grew worse, her suddenly came within that moment.
I believe you're going to have that suddenly right now.
Believe it by faith that your suddenly is coming right now.
Believe it by faith that today is the day that I'm going to lay hold of the Master's garment, and by faith, I receive what He said I could have.
I believe that He said I can be healed.
I believe that He said in His word that by His stripes I am healed—not 'ye were,' it's already done, it's past tense.
I am healed, I receive it today.
I lay hold of it by faith, and I believe by faith that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
And He's meeting me at the point of my need and it's all done.
I receive it, Father.
We believe, Father, we receive.
We're stirred up in our spirits today.
We speak to spiritual slumps.
It's time to stir us up, Father.
We believe we're coming out of the pit of despair, that we've been down and out and saying, 'Oh God, where are You at?
' He's there; He'll never leave you and He'll never forsake you.
Lo, until the end of the Earth, He's with you always and He's going to deliver you out of your circumstance.
I'm bound with drugs, I'm bound with pornography, I've been bound with anger—well, all you say this stuff, but God is the Great Deliverer, and He delivered the children of Egypt out of the hand of Pharaoh, and He can deliver you out of your circumstance, too.
You may be in your pit of despair; you may be thinking that there's no hope for you.
'I'm in with Pharaoh and I'm a slave to whatever you've been a slave to.
' You may be a slave to fentanyl, you may be a slave to crack cocaine, or prostitution, or pornography, or what it may be.
It may be the pit of your circumstances saying, 'I've been a slave to this, I can't get out of it.
' But in a circumstance of that, God delivered the children of Israel out of it within a 24-hour window.
He gave them the gold, He gave them the silver, He gave them the cattle; He gave them whatever they needed to get out of that pit of slavery.
And that's what's going to happen with you today.
I believe that today is your day of deliverance.
Just like He did with the children of Israel, your circumstance is turning around.
Believe it, Father, we believe it.
We believe we receive that You're the God of more than enough.
You're the God of the delivery.
You're the God of setting me out of it, just like Joseph.
Just like He did with Pharaoh, just like He did, Father, You made him second in command of all of Egypt.
You'll do it for them.
They may need a new job; there's a job waiting for them.
I believe that today their job's coming to pass, God, that they'll have a greater job and they'll be second in command of all their company, or they'll be first—that You'll make them CEO of whatever it may be.
But it will happen suddenly.
God, I thank You, Father, that You said, 'Study to show thyself approved.
' And Father, I thank You, Lord, that they've studied, they've shown themselves approved, and there's goodness and mercy that's following them all the days of their life.
And it's time for goodness and mercy to overtake them.
It's the day of favor, for Father, there are days of great favor, that more than a thousand days of labor—I believe that today is a day of great favor on you, that you're going to have great days of favor, not just one day, but days.
Days of Heaven on Earth are coming to you now.
Pray for their babies, Father.
We lift up the people before You that are believing for children.
We speak over their reproductive systems in the name of Jesus; we call them healed, we call them well, we call them blessed.
Father, You said be fruitful and multiply and fill the Earth, and You also said that You would give us the desires of our hearts.
And Father, for these men and women that are believing God for a baby, Father, we bless them right now.
We speak to their bodies; we call them healed, we call them whole, nothing missing, nothing broken.
We speak to the whole person, that they are filled with and controlled by the Holy Spirit.
And we thank You that that mighty touch of the Holy Spirit is flowing through them right now, touching every part.
You know the parts that they need, You know what needs to function in their bodies, You know what they need.
And Holy Spirit, we ask You right now to go and touch them right now through this camera, wherever they are, and that they will be healed, completely whole, changed inside and out.
And Father, that they would raise these children up the way they should go, and that when they grow old, they will not depart from it.
Father, that they would dedicate these children to You, that these children would be devoted to God, that they would be chosen, that they would be a chosen royalty to You, that these children would grow up and have calls on their lives.
We call them in, we call them in to Your kingdom.
And Father, we thank You.
We speak to these wombs to conceive; we speak to them now that they will be fruitful and multiply and that they will be blessed.
And Father, we thank You that they will not have pregnancy symptoms, that they will not have depression, that they will not have postpartum depression after these babies are born, that they will not deal with hormone issues, that these babies will latch on and nurse as they should, that there is no colic.
Father, we speak to their bodies and we thank You, Father, that Holy Spirit, You will move through them and touch them where they need to be touched.
I saw Fallopian tubes being healed right now, brand-new Fallopian tubes.
Receive that right now in the name of Jesus.
Brand-new Fallopian tubes, brand-new eggs.
I call you healed and whole and well—no blockage of that Fallopian tube, no scarring.
I call scarring being healed from the top all the way down.
We call that uterus healed, we call the uterus whole, that there are no growths, there are no cysts, there is no blockage of any kind from scars.
I see scars being healed and it's like brand-new tubes.
Brand-new tubes in Jesus' name.
No more for the enemy; God is rebuking the devourer for your sake right now in the name of Jesus.
And there is a turnaround coming, and this would be a year of the babies; 2025 will be a year of the baby.
We call them in right now in the name of Jesus.
We pray over their marriages.
We agree together that their marriages are blessed.
We call marriages whole, we call marriages blessed, Father.
We call for what the devil meant for bad, You're going to turn it around for good.
Father, there's unity and peace in the house, and we say we will not be in strife, we will not have lack of any kind.
For these children will not grow up in broken homes, no Brokenness.
We speak to a whole man, a whole person, the whole family in Jesus' name.
And single mamas, if you're having a hard time supplying, we call in finances for you, we call in blessing for your homes.
No matter what country you're living in, from Australia all around the world, I believe that you mamas are going to be bountifully supplied, for there is nothing missing, nothing broken in your life.
And supernatural finances are flowing over you, and we call restoration of homes, restoration of marriages.
And Father, we say, 'Satan, get your hands off of these men, get your hand off of these women,' that you will not cause division in the homes.
We speak against a lying spirit speaking to their ears, telling them this and telling them that.
Father, that they will line up with the word of God and they will follow the word of God and they'll have peace that passes all understanding right now.
Satan, take your hands off of their minds, that reprobate mind.
We command the confusion and reprobate mind to be broken off of them now in Jesus' name, and they have the mind of Christ.
According to Second Timothy 1:7, God has not given them a spirit of fear, but of power, and of love, and of a well-balanced mind.
And we call that balanced mind in that home, Father.
There'll be peace right now, and we come against the spirits of depression and over schizophrenia and anxiety disorders.
We say in the name of Jesus their minds are free and healed and whole, and they'll sleep sound, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We pray over their minds.
Father, they have the mind of Christ.
You have to say it out your mouth; say, 'I am free, I am whole, I am well, and I have the mind of Christ.
I am no longer bound by these demonic spirits in Jesus' name.
' You've got to come against it; you will not be bound by a devil anymore.
And there'll be peace in their homes and joy in their homes—joy unspeakable and full of glory in the mighty name of Jesus.
And we give You all the glory, honor, and praise, and we thank You, Lord, that You're the God of more than enough.
For finances are coming to them in a supernatural way, Father.
We speak against anxiety in these women that are believing for their babies.
We speak to anxiety; we call peace over their minds—peace that passes all understanding.
We call it done right now.
And we trust, we believe in the healing, miraculous power of the Holy Spirit.
Yes, the fear of the miscarriage, the fear of the torment of the miscarriage.
No, 'my vine will not cast fruit before its time.
' We decree and declare the vine will not cast fruit before its time.
The Bible says in Malachi that He rebukes the devourer for my sake.
And so I say, be a tither, be a giver, be a sower, and be a believer that everything you put your hands to will prosper, even the womb.
And I'd say as a husband, you say to the baby, 'Come forth.
' Over this womb, I have dominion and authority over my seed, I have dominion and authority over these eggs, and I say in the name of Jesus, as the head of my house, I will be fruitful and multiply in the name of Jesus Christ.
And I call my wife's belly to have a bountiful supply, her womb to be a bountiful supply.
No more of this in Jesus' name.
Believe it, husbands, believe it and call the child to come forth out of you.
'I will be fruitful and multiply.
' This is what God told us to do and I'll do what He told me to do.
And we're not going to have the stress of making a baby, we're going to have a baby.
We're going to have it and we take it by faith in Jesus' name.
God's going to meet you at the point of your need.
I believe it, there's a supernatural turnaround.
There's torment for women, that fear has torment, but perfect love casteth out all fear.
In vitro fertilization—shot, shot, all the stuff, the torment of anguish.
It begins to deplete your supply of just being able to rejoice, to be happy, to receive, to be able to enjoy motherhood, enjoy the process, to enjoy life.
Jesus said that He came so that we could have life and have life more abundantly.
And we call these women to have Abundant Life, not being afraid through the whole thing.
Because look what happened to Job: the very thing he feared the most came on him.
He feared that he'd lose his children, he feared that this was all going to happen, and guess what?
Fear opens the door for satanic attack.
Fear is faith in the ability of that which is trying to get you.
You have faith in the ability of Satan trying to rob you of this child.
Do not have faith in Satan's ability; have faith in God's ability to keep you well.
It's happened so many times, but I'm going to say as of this time, it's not going to happen no more.
And if it happens again, I'm still standing.
I'm not moved by what I see, I'm not moved by what I feel.
I'm not going to have faith in the ability of Satan's job to steal, kill, and destroy.
I have faith in the ability that God said He rebukes the devourer for my sake.
I'm going to have a baby.
We don't make it, we're going to have it and we're going to receive it.
And I'm not going to be tormented by fear of this anymore.
I take captive of my thoughts.
I refuse to fear.
'Fear tolerated is faith contaminated.
' I refuse to tolerate and let this fear contaminate my faith.
My Father loves me, He wants me to be fruitful, He wants me to have an inheritance of the Lord.
We will, and He wants you to have the desires of your heart.
We believe with you today.
I told you I try to keep these videos under 30 minutes, so I'm honoring what I said I'd do today.
Tomorrow is going to be a longer video for you.
It's all what the Lord told me to say.
So we believe for your circumstance to turn around.
God is a good God, and the devil's a bad devil, and we believe that you're living on the victory side of things.
It's time to be happy, it's time to rejoice, for our redemption is drawing nigh.
Jesus Christ is coming back soon, but He's coming back for a glorious church and we're going to see a great, mighty move of the Spirit of the Lord like we've never seen before.
And we call that revival in right now in the name of Jesus.
We call the finances to fund it in right now in the name of Jesus.
From the north, the south, the east, the west, we call an abundant harvest in on everything we put our hands to.
You said You would prosper us.
Now, angels of the Lord, go from the north, south, east, and west to bring the finances in so that we would have more than enough to give to the kingdom of God and promote the gospel throughout the whole world.
Now we lay hold to what You said we could have and we receive it by faith in the name of Jesus.
And we call it out of the world's economy into our hands.
And we say we're blessed in the city, we're blessed in the field, we're blessed coming in and we're blessed going out.
And Father, I thank You, Lord, that You've anointed me for such a time as this to prosper and be in health, even as my soul prospers.
I believe that Diana and I are going to be blessed and we're blessed now in Jesus' name.
And we're not going to wait five years from now, but the seed and the time and the harvest is being accelerated.
Acceleration, because the time is so short.
Ladies and gentlemen, the time is short and it's time for the harvesters and the reapers to go hand in hand.
We're calling it in right now, supernatural abundance to come over our household in the name of Jesus.
We lay hold to it by faith that God, You're a God of more than enough to do exceedingly abundantly above all that we dare ask and think in the mighty name of Jesus.
And everybody say, 'Amen and amen.
' We believe with you today that you're the victor and you're not a victim.
We're not going to live in a victim mentality because we are victors.
We have the victory and we overcome him by the blood of the Lamb and the word of our testimony.
Do you believe that today?
Do you believe that you're the victor?
You're no longer the victim.
And we're not begging, we're believing.
Stir yourself up today.
Good things are coming for you.
Do you believe that by Easter?
Say, 'Before Easter my kids are coming home.
' We're going to celebrate Easter as a family this year.
Do you believe that?
God is able to do exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think.
He'll turn it on a dime.
Everything's going to change.
Glory to God!
Well, if this video blessed you all today—we pray it did—remember, the only thing we'll ever ask you for is for a click, a notification bell, a like, a subscribe.
All the things that help us with the YouTube algorithm.
We pray that you would at least do that.
Click that subscribe button; it blesses us, it really does.
Click the notification bell, do all the things that YouTube asks you to do for us to get shot up in the algorithm so people see these videos.
We pray for you, we love you, we thank you for your kindness, all your emails, all the likes and the subscribes.
They are blessing.
The comments down below—yes.
Even if you're telling me, 'Don't shake the squirrel.
' I didn't mean to, I promise.
I told Braden, 'Oh no, I messed up on shaking the squirrel.
' But I had him in my hand, he was so nice and cozy in there and he liked it.
He found his mama today; she was out there and he was out there with her.
So we're excited.
Glory to God.
I didn't know how to raise him, so thank God the mama did.
His sister didn't make it, but we didn't want to be Bob Ross—I wasn't Bob Ross, I'm not a Bob Ross—but at least he was with his mother.
So I thought, 'Well, glory to God.
' It is what it is.
Our little girl was like, 'Oh Daddy.
' We tried to feed it, but you know what, the mama's back.
That windstorm came through, that was bad.
But it's over.
Glory to God.
We pray for the people who lost everything in the tornadoes and the fires.
We pray for you.
That was rough for a lot of folks.
But you know what, we're living in the end times, folks, and I'm telling you, we've got to take our place and authority more now than ever, especially you in your area.
I pray over my area, pray over your area.
We take our dominion and authority over the storms.
This is the time—this is spring in the South—and it's time we have to rise up and say, 'Satan, you ain't robbing me in my neighborhood, you're not doing that.
' We have authority over you and you bow your knee.
When you're maneuvering against us, we will not have tornadoes, we won't have high winds, we won't have hail the size of golf balls.
We have authority over these storms and we say, 'Cease and desist' in your maneuvering, and we call, 'Peace, be still' to the storm in Jesus' name.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
I told him 30 minutes.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you all.
Thank you Braden, he's trying to keep our green screen up.
Put a smile on your face and a song on your heart.
Jesus loves you, we love you.
God bless you all.
See you again tomorrow.
Bye, bye, bye.